(insects chirping)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(woman groaning)
(tense electronic tones)
- I thought I had more time.
(woman screams)
(anxious piano music)
- It's time.
Send the invitations.
(anxious classical violin music)
(crickets chirping)
I apologize about that. fellas.
Very nice to meet you all.
- Anyways. before we
get down to the reason
for why we're here.
let's just sit back.
have a few drinks and
get to know each other.
- The symmetry of this film.
the way they composed each
shot. the acting. I mean.
I can't believe it.
- It's pretty good.
Yo. could I?
- What do you
think. you want one?
- It's been a minute.
- It was amazing.
absolutely amazing.
So Logan. let me tell you.
your last film was
truly an experience.
To think that I'm sitting
at this dinner table
with potentially the greatest
filmmaker of our generation.
- I can attest to that
Logan. your last film was.
some might call it a
religious experience.
- Fellas. listen.
We're just some guys having
drinks at a table. that's all.
Nick.
Quite the performance at
the Grammy's a couple
months ago. huh?
- Oh yeah. appreciate that.
I'm just more baffled
that I'm sitting
across from this
mastermind right now.
- Men. listen.
I understand this
is strange. okay?
The reason you're here is
'cause you're some of the most
creative and talented people
in the world right now.
all of you just as
successful as the next.
The world's in front of
each and every one of you.
- Yeah. I made a good
film. great. awesome.
I appreciate your love
and support but I'm
just a guy. truly.
And you want to know the
difference between us and them?
We are the true talent.
The unique. the pure.
We're not the shallow.
So Andrew. any new projects
you've been working on?
- Yeah. actually I'm working
on this project right now.
It's an adaptation of a
book called "The Swerve."
- Yeah. and the. what is it?
"The Nature of Things." right?
- Yeah. that's right.
"The Nature of Things."
- That's good.
- What's the story?
- It's a hunt for
an ancient poem
that basically tells the future.
It's gonna be an adventure film
and we have a big
budget this time.
I'm pretty excited
about that actually.
- You're with Old Oaks
Entertainment. right?
- Yeah. Old Oaks Entertainment.
- Any notable castings?
- We're still in pretty
early stages. so no. not yet.
- [Logan] What
about Arthur here?
I mean I don't
want to put my foot
in my mouth or anything
but it's a little bit
more dramatic than the
stuff you're used to.
(Logan laughs)
- Arthur. he says
you can't do drama.
- That's good. that's good.
- That's not it at all.
It would be a dream
come true to have you.
- I fuckin' love that.
- I'm just joking.
I'm just joking. wine?
- Oh. no thanks. I'm good.
- This meeting's a celebration
of success. come on.
- No seriously. I'm okay.
- Okay.
Flynn. the master artist.
what have you been working on?
- Well. recently I've
been working less
for myself and more
for commission.
Not because I need
it or anything
but I'm becoming more popular.
You see. these wealthy people.
they're willing to buy my
art for a commission price.
footing their homes. their
apartments or whatever.
It's been good to me.
- Chrone. what about you.
big guy. what you been up to?
I heard that movie "Nebulous."
- Yeah. "Nebulous."
Great script. a cosmic
murder mystery. you watch it?
- Yeah. I did.
- Really intense.
Had my knuckles
white the whole film.
Not to mention. I think it
was your broadest range yet.
- Thank you. I
appreciate that Logan.
Yeah but you know.
it's good for me now
to take some time off.
I mean I've been in
this business. what?
Since I was five years old.
So I'll just take some
time. focus on myself.
That kinda stuff.
- Godspeed.
And my musical
friend what of you?
- I mean I'm on tour. I mean
pretty much late in the tour.
But I got the phone
call about this
and I knew it was something
I couldn't pass up.
So you know. here we are.
- I think you made
the right choice.
(soft anxious piano music)
(thunder booming)
Gentlemen. I gather
you here on this
glorious occasion
because you are some
of the world's most up and
coming creators right now.
An artist.
a musician.
an actor
and a director.
I gather you here because
I've written my next script
and one of you will
be chosen to have it
and adapt it into
any way you so choose
as long as you remain true
to the text on the page.
It is the greatest
thing I've ever written.
Now there are a few rules.
You must stay until
Sunday evening
and you must have a good time.
Sunday evening. I will choose
the recipient of the
script and that's all.
We all go our separate ways.
- Why wouldn't you make it?
- Afraid I won't do it
justice this time around.
My last film drained me.
for a lack of better words.
I believe in one of you.
- You expect one
of us to make it?
Bro. I do music. I don't know
how to make a fucking film.
- It's not about knowing.
It's about how you
see it. your vision.
- What's it about?
- That'll be for the eyes of
the chosen one. as you will.
Gentlemen. if you don't want
to be here. then you can go.
There'll be no hard feelings
but. but. but if you stay.
you might like what you find.
Plus. when are you gonna have
a weekend this
interesting again?
Look where you are.
You in. Andrew?
- I'm in.
- Flynn?
- I suppose.
- Arthur?
Nick?
- Fuck yeah.
- [Logan] Good.
(film reel rattling)
(relaxed piano music)
- You gotta let us know
how you made that film.
- It was just a beautiful
idea that hit me.
Sometimes a rose is a
rose is a rose. you know?
- Listen. I'm a music guy but
I'm also a movie guy and that
shit was the most mind-fucking
movie I've ever seen.
- It was pretty damn
good. wasn't it?
- Damn good.
- What's playing
on the screen here?
- This is an old film.
old experimental film
known as "Adoration."
It runs about 11
to 12 hours long.
It fuels my creativity.
I watch it all the time
and every time I
watch it. it changes
or I do.
I don't know.
- Is there a story to it?
- I've been trying to piece one
together for a long time now.
I believe it's about
a young girl wandering
the woods and this young
girl has two sides.
one side human but one
side. something else.
Such courage in it.
You know. you'd be surprised.
I come off as a movie guy
but I'm also a music guy.
So I've been experimenting
with the guitar a bit.
I call this one "The Cave."
(up tempo rock music)
- [Nick] Damn. love it. yo.
You got that Robert
Johnson vibe in there.
- Yeah?
Robert Johnson. huh?
- Who's Robert Johnson?
- A man who sold his
soul to the Devil
at a crossroad in Mississippi.
In exchange. the Devil handed
him back his guitar. tuned.
- I got one more for you.
(warbling mid
tempo guitar music)
Beautiful song. right Flynn?
- Yes.
- This place is amazing. Logan.
You live here year round?
- Actually it runs
in the family.
It's where my father
used to write.
But no. I usually am in my place
in New York or my
apartment in LA.
I'm very fortunate. you see.
But I know you guys have
all bright futures too.
I mean. we're all
practically the same age.
I was just at the right
place at the right time.
It's called luck.
- Luck may have a part
of it but nobody's
gonna doubt the greatness
in that head of yours.
- I appreciate that.
Arthur. I truly do.
- So. I saw your debut
film. very. very well done.
- Thank you.
- How were you able
to get all the pieces
together and make
such a good product?
- Well. I was in my
college town and I figured
I'd make a movie
about depression.
existentialism. anxiety.
I had my boys there with
me. so we did it together
and honestly I never expected
it to but it blew up.
- Yeah. I really enjoyed it.
- Thanks.
- Truly an accomplishment.
If I'm not too bold to say it.
you come from the
middle of nowhere
with no connections in
this industry or any others
and yet you were found.
your voice was heard.
- Thank you. but it
was very unexpected.
- Very.
Flynn. you're a
deeply unique artist.
Tell me something profound.
- Well.
I guess it's a famous quote.
"If you think.
you are doomed."
That's why I paint.
- "If you think.
you are doomed."
That's one way of
looking at it of course.
Man's greatest
enemy is his mind.
But I also believe man's
greatest ally is his mind.
So if you think you are doomed.
no. I don't believe that.
If you think. you may be free.
- [Arthur] Cheers to that.
- [Logan] Cheers to us. men.
To our work and our lives.
(soft piano music)
- That was fun. wasn't it?
- Yeah. it was.
I like your friend Lauren a lot.
- Yeah. she's the best.
- Where's she from again?
- California. she cannot stop
talking about your movie.
- Yeah. it was
really sweet of her.
- So. have you spoken
to mom recently?
- No. I haven't gotten around
to it but I probably should.
- You really should.
I don't know.
She just seems super
lonely these days.
- I know. I've just been so
busy. I haven't been able to.
- Yeah. I get it.
Thanks for coming to visit
me. you being a big shot now.
- Shut up. you know I
love coming down here.
- Well. there was
also one more thing
that I want to
talk to you about.
- Oh yeah?
- So I kept it a secret for
a couple of days now when
you were visiting and I want
you to be the first to know.
- [Andrew] What is it?
Don't tell me you're pregnant.
- No. Luke proposed.
- No.
- Yes.
- Oh my god.
- Can you believe it?
- Congrats.
- Thanks.
- Wow.
How'd he do it?
- I'll tell you in the car.
- Okay.
Wow. I'm so happy for you.
- Yeah. he's really
the best guy.
- Shit.
Oh jeez.
- [Adrianne] You're
good to drive. right?
- Yeah. oh yeah.
- You didn't drink or anything?
- I had like one or
two. but I'm good.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah. absolutely.
(thunder booming)
- Andrew.
you're so soft-spoken.
I've seen you in interviews
before and you're so talkative.
- Yeah. I was probably
fucking drunk.
I had a bit of a drinking
problem on my last film.
So. I've toned it down a bit.
- Cheers to that.
I guess it takes courage to
admit when you have a problem.
Me myself. personally.
I never use this to cope with
anything going on around me.
I use it as a point of
celebration amongst friends.
It's good.
- On tour. I probably
drink way too much.
I mean every city.
new night. new liquor.
There's not really
much I can do about it.
It's a terrible
habit but you know.
it comes with the
career. I love doing it
and I'm rich. so
I guess I'm gone.
- You enjoy performing?
- Yeah of course. I
mean I love performing.
All my best memories.
- I love our shows.
Having random
unintelligent rat critics
scurry around my work.
trying to figure it out.
That's why I drink.
- It was a funny thing.
In old Italy. a parallel
between alcohol and death.
I'm not saying alcohol
necessarily causes death. no.
But it moves us from a
point of clear consciousness
closer to death. as if
we're on a spectrum.
Funny. isn't it?
Because when you drink. you
feel so much more alive.
And I must warn you. I have
another guest in the house.
He is my doctor.
Well. more my mentor.
I've been going through
a slightly troubled time
since my last film and
he's helping me through it.
He's a bit antisocial.
a bit unorthodox
but pay him no mind.
he means very well.
(anxious violin music)
- What kinda doctor?
- A psychologist. more or less.
Don't be startled
when you see him.
He's just a bit out there.
- Out there how?
- You'll know when you see him.
(anxious piano music)
(anxious electronic warbling)
Good morning. Andrew.
- Good morning. Logan.
- You drink coffee?
- Of course.
- Well. there's
coffee in the kitchen.
Grab yourself a
cup and then after.
meet me outside. I got
something to show you. okay?
- Sure.
- All right.
(relaxed guitar music)
(anxious metallic piano music)
So. you saw my doctor wandering
the grounds last
night. didn't you?
- I did. how'd you know?
- You seem uncomfortable here.
The only reason I can
see causing that is you
witnessing a masked man wander
outside your room at night.
- It's true. why does
he wear that mask?
- He's strange. his methods
aren't always approved.
- Approved. approved how?
- He uses hypnotism.
brings me to a place of
peace and clear-mindedness.
The mask just calms me.
it separates me
from his human side.
You know it all started
right here. what we do.
on walls just like these.
- [Andrew] What's that?
- Art.
No likes. no
streams. no dislikes.
Just pure.
- How do you know
if it's any good?
- Funny.
Maybe it's the way it should be.
Let's go back.
(light anxious guitar music)
(mid tempo drumbeat)
♪ No sleep again. fuck
it. I'm healthy I think ♪
♪ Smokin' weed again. she
left her purse in my cig ♪
♪ Neighbors are yelling 'cause
the kitchen started smelling ♪
♪ Like the weed me
and my friends ♪
♪ Are outside rolling
and inhaling it ♪
♪ I'm in my room so productive ♪
♪ Honestly I'm fucking lying.
my ass is doing nothing ♪
♪ Everything I make turns to
dust like the urn spilled ♪
♪ If the shoes fit. then I'm
returning 'em to Goodwill ♪
♪ Homie. this is Sleepwalker ♪
♪ Events were so unfortunate ♪
♪ Scribbles on the
canvas. hopefully they
turn to portraits ♪
♪ My verse is like
a pilot painting ♪
♪ Hopping out of hibernation
strictly for the pilot nation ♪
(film reel rattling)
(low. tense violin music)
- Why
do you keep
making me watch this?
Please shut this off.
(tense electronic tones)
(anxious deep piano music)
- Logan.
I swear on my life. I saw a body
right there.
Just floating. motionless.
- You're telling me you
saw a dead body in my pool?
- Yeah.
I mean.
I thought I did.
I could just be scaring myself.
- Who was it?
I don't know. I couldn't tell.
- Strange.
- [Nick] So what's been
going on with Flynn?
- I have no idea.
I'm not associating
with that schizophrenic.
splatter-painting maniac.
- What?
Why? He's a good guy.
- I don't doubt that but
have you not heard the story?
- [Andrew] What story?
- All right. look.
The man was institutionalized
his whole life.
He gets out. a year later.
his entire home burns down
and his whole family dies.
They say it was a coincidence.
I don't really buy it.
- Oh my god.
That's terrible.
You got a cigarette?
- [Arthur] Yeah.
- Thank you.
- So.
Sleepwalker. I'm curious
how you came up with that.
- That's a good question.
I guess I just kinda see people
as these zombies
just kinda going
through the motions
every day. sleepwalking.
I'd say I'm one of
those zombies too.
- I can get to that.
- What about you. Arthur?
How'd you get into acting?
- Like I said last night.
I've been doing this since
I was five years old.
I guess it stems from my father.
Let's just say he
was a loose cannon
and when I was young.
my mother wanted
to get me away from that
as much as possible.
So when I was young. she signed
me up for acting classes.
I started doing that and
it's led me to this point.
- Well.
you've done pretty
damn well for yourself.
You should be proud of that.
- I guess I'm just scared.
I'm scared that these
violent roles I portray
are just slowly
turning me into him.
- So why do you
think he chose us?
I mean there's millions of
actors. directors. musicians.
I don't get what
makes us so special.
- 'Cause we're all
fucked up in the head.
(anxious piano music)
(ominous electronic warbling)
(tense violin tones)
(glass tapping)
(upbeat country rock music)
(mid tempo drumbeat)
- I see you're not drinking.
which is admirable.
But you gotta think.
you're in a position most
people would kill for.
You're at a beautiful home with
one of the world's most
acclaimed directors
and other successful
creators and yet.
you seem to not be
enjoying yourself.
- It's not that. it's
just something happened
to me recently and
I don't like not feeling
in control anymore.
- No time for control.
Beautiful day. isn't it?
- Yes.
(anxious piano. violin music)
(tense metallic tones)
- "Pulp Fiction's" overrated.
- Are you out of
your goddamn mind?
Look. you're a musician.
I wouldn't expect
you to understand.
But "Pulp Fiction" is
a stroke of genius.
"Fight Club." Fight
Club." now that is a film.
You could boast Tarkovsky
all the live long day
if you want to but "Fight
Club" is prime cinema.
- Honestly. one of the
worst movies I've ever seen.
- Your last album was garbage.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
Coming out to my
work. I literally had
a number one on the billboard.
you know how hard that is?
- I don't care. it's my opinion.
- Nick.
I don't know much about
you or where you come from.
Tell me a little
bit about yourself.
- I mean. honestly
not much to tell.
I bounced around a lot as a kid.
Never really knew my dad
but was always pretty
inspired by music.
That was pretty
much my sanctuary.
I made a band with my friends.
I mean. got picked
up by a label.
did some shows. saw
some success but
eventually broke up 'cause
of creative differences.
It's probably how I
lost all my friends but
I mean. that's how it
goes when you're creative.
- You got a girl?
- No. I don't have a girl.
But you know how
that story goes.
Fucking everything
with a heartbeat.
Honestly. I would
like a girl but
I never really met one that
has good intentions. you know?
I'm always on the road
meeting so many people.
everyone just wants different
things and I don't know.
I guess it's what comes
with the industry.
comes with the job.
One day maybe.
- There was
once a story
of a Saint.
Saint Francis of Assisi.
This man
was a Prince.
a partier.
an heir.
One day. some say
he heard the voice of
God speak into his ear.
He gave up his old life
and occupied a new one.
One of simplicity.
one of purity.
Later on. he underwent
an experience known
as the stigmata.
otherwise known as
the wounds of Christ.
To him. this was
not suffering. no.
To him.
this was ecstasy.
Imagine the feeling.
Anyways.
he went on to worship the
sun. the moon. the sands.
He would save worms from roads
so they were not crushed.
And he went on to
become the Great Saint.
A beautiful story.
isn't it Arthur?
- You up for a scrap?
- Yeah.
Logan. tell us when.
(tense metallic tones)
- Fight.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
(thuds)
(tense spidery tones)
- Arthur. what the fuck. man?
You could have
fucking killed him.
Dude. what?
We have to fucking help him.
- Ecstasy.
- I gotcha.
You all right?
Come on. we're
going right there.
(tense violin tones)
(insects chirping)
You'll be all right. okay?
I'm gonna take care of you.
Lay down right here.
- Why are we by the pool?
- We just gotta get away
from those guys for a second.
You need anything?
- No. no.
I'm just gonna sit here.
- Okay.
You let me know.
(anxious piano music)
- Andrew.
Something's not right here.
It's in the air.
- How do you mean?
- I paint because I
had loving parents
who pushed me in the
direction of creativity.
But there was always more.
I dream
and when I dream. I see things.
- What kind of things?
- Horrible things.
I once had a dream that my house
was burning with my
family inside of it.
I woke up to my house ablaze.
I was the only one
able to escape.
I couldn't sleep for months.
- That's terrible.
I'm really sorry.
- I changed my name.
I occupied a new life.
One of purity.
(anxious violin music)
- You know.
your art.
it's so bright and colorful.
I never would've known
you had such a dark past.
- The colors of fire and smoke.
I had a dream
before I came here.
I saw the doctor.
I saw his mask
here.
I don't know what it meant.
I don't know what it means.
but it was unsettling.
- So you've seen him too.
- He wanders.
He's lurking. he's watching us.
- Who is he?
- [Flynn] I don't know.
- Can I ask you a question?
- [Flynn] Yeah.
- You take medication?
- I do.
- You think you should
be drinking on it?
- No.
- Listen.
I don't feel in control here.
- There's no time
for control. Andrew.
(anxious piano music)
(glass clanks)
- Quite the show you put on.
- What are you talking about?
(glass clanks)
I don't understand.
I don't understand what
happens when I'm here tomorrow
and this new project
becomes mine.
- You just gotta
be patient. okay?
(Arthur's fists thud)
- I'm not patient.
I've never been patient.
How do I get it?
- That you gotta find
out for yourself.
The movies you're in are
pretty violent. right?
A lot of training. I presume?
It's funny. the more
real the violence
looks on screen. the
more audiences respond.
It's interesting because
if it were to be real
and an audience just
believed it was staged.
they would applaud. unbeknownst
to its haunting reality.
- You have to be
psychotic to do that.
- The greatest usually are.
(low. anxious tones)
(tense violin tones)
Andrew. sit down
and keep me company.
Where is everybody?
- I think Flynn and
Arthur went to bed
and Nick is resting by the pool.
It's been a long day.
- I would say so.
I've been thinking a lot.
What do you know
about astral travel?
- Astral travel?
- Yeah. like a person
leaving their physical body
and traveling the universe
in any way they so choose.
- I mean I've heard of it but
I don't really
know much about it.
- You know how
there's no evidence.
scientific evidence
of the human soul?
But I think it's so
ignorant to think
we're just here to multiply.
You know. we are the eyes of
the universe watching itself
and sometimes.
you don't like what you find.
You know. I know
what happened to you.
- What?
- I didn't feel comfortable
talking to you about it
but we had a good day
today and I figured
you can tell me a
little bit about it.
How about you take a drink
and tell me about it?
- If you know what
happened to me.
then why would you ask
me if I wanted a drink?
- Take a drink and tell
me about it. Andrew.
- Okay.
So I went down to
Dallas where she worked.
She wanted to introduce
me to her friends
and
so we went out and I was
the one driving that night
and she asked me right
before we got in the car
if I was good to drive.
I said yes
(ominous electronic warbling)
and I put the key
in the ignition.
That was the biggest
mistake of my life.
You know what happens next.
- You killed
your sister.
(Andrew sniffling)
It's all right.
It's all right. I'm
going to sleep now. okay?
Have a good night. Atlas.
(insects chirping)
(anxious piano music)
(Nick splashes)
(tense violin tones)
- We have to call the cops.
- We don't need
to call the cops.
Nick
was a druggie. I found
heroin in his bags.
He was high and he fell into
the pool and he drowned.
He was an artist on the run.
He had no family.
Careers will be ruined if
police were to get involved.
if press were to get involved
and none of us here want that.
This weekend was a secret.
It remains a secret.
It does not exist.
You will all
understand by the end.
Okay. Andrew?
- Okay.
- Arthur?
- Yeah.
- Flynn?
Flynn?
- Yeah.
- There are shovels in the shed.
We bury him.
(tense metallic ensemble music)
(ominous violin music)
Good work. men.
Let's go back to the pool.
Drinks on me.
(shovels clanking)
- What have we done. Flynn?
- [Flynn] Where are we?
Where's Arthur?
- You feeling okay?
- I had another dream
last night.
The one with my parents.
But it was me who
burnt the house down.
That is why I survived.
- That's not real.
- [Flynn] I don't know
what's real. Andrew.
I don't remember.
(tense metallic music)
(door creaks)
(heartbeat pounding rapidly)
(Flynn grunting)
(tense warbling
electronic. violin tones)
(ominous violin tones)
- Who are you?
What are you doing to us?
(door creaks)
(tense metallic music)
Flynn. are you out here?
Come on man. we
gotta go right now.
Flynn?
(tense warbling
electronic tones)
Oh shit. Flynn.
Arthur. what have you done?
Don't you know he's
done something to us?
You're not yourself.
(tense metallic. warbling music)
(light tense piano tones)
(gun cocks)
(gun clicks)
(Arthur grunts)
(gun cocks)
(classical violin music)
(film reel rattling)
What the hell is going on?
- Why don't you
put down the gun?
I'm not gonna hurt you.
- Hurt me. you're
not gonna hurt me?
I'll fucking shoot you right now
if you don't tell
me what's going on.
- Allow me.
It's called HEIR.
H-E-I-R.
In 1800s France. there was a
man named Josephin Paillat.
He began an Academy.
one that worshiped art.
There is spirituality
in what we do.
Religion will die. but
art will remain forever.
When churches burn
and temples crumble.
we will praise in
the concert hall.
When priests betray
and idols become human.
we will pray to the ones who
give us stories and songs.
This is our fate. Andrew.
- What are you talking about?
- What many don't know is that
the Academy is the reason
for pop culture today.
The most influential artworks
and films have been curated
in order to choreograph
modern day thought.
The world has been hypnotized.
You. here.
have been hypnotized.
- So the vial in your
bedroom. that's what that is.
- Like those who came
before me. I have learned
about hypnosis
and I needed a
little extra help.
It's called scipolomi.
it gives the taker a
sense of obedience.
I wanted to gather the
greatest creative minds
at the zenith of their lives
to see what they would do.
You were the most repellent
because of your mind.
you survived because of
the strength of your mind.
There is no escaping the
hypnosis for the ordinary.
It's in the films you watch.
in the books you read.
in the art you're moved
by and the songs you love.
Some like me just
know how to use it
to orchestrate it. to create it.
This script in my
hand is the next link
in a century-long
chain of true hypnotic.
spiritual art.
And it's yours.
- Why don't you make it?
- I haven't been chosen.
The Academy
wants you.
your vision.
not mine.
- What is it even about?
(anxious violin music)
Tell me. what is the film about?
- It's a beautiful gun
in your hand. isn't it?
- Yes.
- Please.
(anxious piano music)
(gunshot booms)
(keyboard clicking)
(anxious piano music)